= Twake: Mobile application =

== State management == 

State management in twake mobile is currently
implemented using [[https://bloclibrary.dev/|BLoC]] pattern.  

The list of different BLoCs, currently used:
1. [[Account BLoC]] (cubit) - manages user account (possible merge with [[Profile BLoC]])
2. [[Add Channel BLoC]] - manages state of the screen when adding a new channel (possible merge with [[Channels BLoC]])
3. [[Add Workspace BLoC]] (cubit) - manages state when adding a new workspace (possible merge with [[Workspaces BLoC]])
4. [[Auth BLoC]] - manages user authentication and JWTokens
5. [[Channels BLoC]] - manages fetching the list of user's channels in given workspace
6. [[Companies BLoC]] - manages fetching the list of user's companies (user may be a member of multiple companies)
7. [[Configuration BLoC]] (cubit) - manages user specific configuration, currently only has HOST field.
8. [[Connection BLoC]] - keeps track of network connection, possible condidate for merge with [[Configuration BLoC]], as both provide some global state
9. [[Directs BLoC]] - same as [[Channels BLoC]], but manages direct chats of the user in given company
10. [[Drafts BLoC]] - keeps track of unsent messages in channels/directs/threads, possible merge with [[Channels BLoC]]/[[Directs BLoC]]/[[Single Message BLoC]]
11. [[Edit Channel BLoC]] - Used to keep state of the screen during message Editing, might be merged with [[Channels BLoC]]
12. [[Fields BLoC]] (cubit) - manages the state of screen when adding collaborators in workspaces (possible merge with some other BLoC), needs a better naming
13. [[File Upload BLoC]] - manages the state of file upload in channels or threads 
14. [[Member BLoC]] (cubit) - manages the list of users in channel
15. [[Mentions BLoC]] (cubit) - manages the list of users which can be mentioned in given workspace
16. [[Message Edit BLoC]] - manages single message which the user decided to edit, possible merge with some other BLoC
17. [[Messages BLoC]] - manages list of messages in public or direct channels
18. [[Notifications BLoC]] - the most important BLoC of all, manages push notifications and socketIO syncs with remote server
19. [[Profile BLoC]] - used to hold global state of user related data
20. [[Sheet BLoC]] - manages the state of screen when user pulls up a draggable scrollable, needs a better naming
21. [[Single Message BLoC]] - manages the state of one message, in order to update it's reactions or content without update entire list, might be merged with [[Messages BLoC]]
22. [[Threads BLoC]] - same as [[Messages BLoC]], but for thread messages
23. [[User BLoC]] - manages the state of individual user, holds almost no value, and may be removed
24. [[Workspaces BLoC]] - manages the list of workspaces in chosen company

